enable.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Enable
permalink: /enable/
bg: da727e
---

[pull-quotes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/pull-quotes/ "Pull Quotes"
[drop-caps]: {{ site.baseurl }}/drop-caps/ "Drop Caps"
[shapes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/shapes/ "Shapes"
[regions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/regions/ "Regions"
[clipping-and-masking]: {{ site.baseurl }}/clipping-and-masking/ "Clipping & Masking"
[captions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/captions/ "Captions"
[blend-modes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/blend-modes/ "Blend Modes"
[filter-effects]: {{ site.baseurl }}/filter-effects/ "Filter Effects"
[web-extensions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/web-extensions/ "Web Extensions"

## Enable Cutting-Edge Graphical &amp; Layout Features

Many of the features we are actively implementing can be used today in various browsers:

### iOS 8 Safari

Features are enabled by default on iOS 8 Safari and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Regions][regions]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### iOS 7 Safari

Features are enabled by default on iOS 7 Safari and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Regions][regions]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### Desktop Safari 7

Features are enabled by default on Desktop Safari 7 and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Regions][regions]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### WebKit Nightly

WebKit Nightly builds can be downloaded from the [WebKit Nightly page](http://nightly.webkit.org/){:target="_blank"}. Features are enabled by default and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Regions][regions]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### Chrome

Chrome can be downloaded from the [Google Chrome page](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.

### Chrome Canary

Chrome Canary builds can be downloaded from the [Google Chrome Canary page](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/canary.html){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.

### Firefox

Firefox can be downloaded from the [Firefox download page](http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/){:target="_blank"}.
Features are enabled by default and do not require a flag.

You can also check if features are enabled in the [Firefox nightly builds](https://nightly.mozilla.org/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Custom Properties][web-extensions]

### Opera

Opera can be downloaded from the [Opera home page](http://www.opera.com/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available

* [Shapes][shapes] (requires version 24+)
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes] (requires version 22+)
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/) (requires version 17+)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking] (requires version 17+)

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `opera://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.

Commit message:

Add a real Firefox Nightly section, with Filter Effects

enable.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Enable
permalink: /enable/
bg: da727e
---

[pull-quotes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/pull-quotes/ "Pull Quotes"
[drop-caps]: {{ site.baseurl }}/drop-caps/ "Drop Caps"
[shapes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/shapes/ "Shapes"
[regions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/regions/ "Regions"
[clipping-and-masking]: {{ site.baseurl }}/clipping-and-masking/ "Clipping & Masking"
[captions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/captions/ "Captions"
[blend-modes]: {{ site.baseurl }}/blend-modes/ "Blend Modes"
[filter-effects]: {{ site.baseurl }}/filter-effects/ "Filter Effects"
[web-extensions]: {{ site.baseurl }}/web-extensions/ "Web Extensions"

## Enable Cutting-Edge Graphical &amp; Layout Features

Many of the features we are actively implementing can be used today in various browsers:

### iOS 8 Safari

Features are enabled by default on iOS 8 Safari and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Regions][regions]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### iOS 7 Safari

Features are enabled by default on iOS 7 Safari and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Regions][regions]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### Desktop Safari 7

Features are enabled by default on Desktop Safari 7 and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Regions][regions]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### WebKit Nightly

WebKit Nightly builds can be downloaded from the [WebKit Nightly page](http://nightly.webkit.org/){:target="_blank"}. Features are enabled by default and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Regions][regions]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

### Chrome

Chrome can be downloaded from the [Google Chrome page](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.

### Chrome Canary

Chrome Canary builds can be downloaded from the [Google Chrome Canary page](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/canary.html){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Shapes][shapes]
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking]

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.

### Firefox

Firefox can be downloaded from the [Firefox download page](http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/){:target="_blank"}.
Features are enabled by default and do not require a flag.

#### Features Available
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Custom Properties][web-extensions]

### Firefox Nightly

Firefox Nightly can be downloaded from the [Firefox nightly builds page](https://nightly.mozilla.org/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes]
* [Custom Properties][web-extensions]
* [Filter Effects][filter-effects]

#### To enable Filter Effects
1. Copy and paste `about:config` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the button that says "I'll be careful, I promise!".
3. Copy and paste `layout.css.filters.enabled` into the Search box.
4. Double click on the `layout.css.filters.enabled` Preference Name. The Value should change to `true`.

### Opera

Opera can be downloaded from the [Opera home page](http://www.opera.com/){:target="_blank"}.

#### Features Available

* [Shapes][shapes] (requires version 24+)
* [Blend Modes][blend-modes] (requires version 22+)
* [Canvas Paths](http://blogs.adobe.com/webplatform/2013/09/18/ios-7-safari-new-web-platform-features/) (requires version 17+)
* [Clipping & Masking][clipping-and-masking] (requires version 17+)

#### To enable Blend Modes
1. Copy and paste `opera://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` into the address bar, then press enter.
2. Click the 'Enable' link within that section.
3. Click the 'Relaunch Now' button at the bottom of the browser window.

*Note*: Multiple features can be enabled before relaunching.
