---
layout: page
title:  "Pull Quotes"
categories: project
description: How do you emphasize important snippets of your written content?
thumb: project_header/pull_quote_thumb.png
full_image: project_header/pull_quote.png
permalink: pull-quotes
bg: E2E1B9
---
#Pull Quotes

##What is it?

A pull quote is a typographical element in which an excerpt of an article's content is duplicated inside the article's page to emphasise an idea and to incite the interest of readers. The pull quote is usually styled differently than the rest of the article and positioned to stand out in the page.

The pull quote concept should not be confused with the block quote concept. A pull quotes is purely a graphic elements that shouldn't appear inside the main content of the article. On the other hand, a block quote is a visual technique that's used to display a quotation as a part of the main article's flow.

##The semantics of a pull quote
###The aside element
The HTML5 specification defines the aside element that's supposed to include content related to the main article but separated from it. Here is how the HTML5 WHATWG spec defines it (this is a blockquote):

> The aside element represents a section of a page that consists of content that is tangentially related to the content around
> the aside element, and which could be considered separate from that content. Such sections are often represented as sidebars
> in printed typography.
> The element can be used for typographical effects like pull quotes or sidebars, for advertising, for groups of nav elements,
> and for other content that is considered separate from the main content of the page.

Considering the aside element was created to achieve typographical effects like pull-quotes it's a good idea to use it instead of generic non-semantical divs. The aside element is also accessibility friendly because it allows screen readers and other similar applications to skip the pull quotes when interpreting the page.

###The problem
<aside class="pull-quote right">A pull quote gets its content from the text of the article</aside>

The problem with using this element is content duplication. A pull quote gets its content from the text of the article so you'll have the same snippet appear twice in the document - once inside the article and once inside the aside element. If this is not a problem for you, using the aside element is the right choice.

~~~ CSS
aside.pull-quote {
  font-size: 1.5em;
  width: 50%;
  color: orange;
  background: rgba(150, 150, 150, 0.2);
  position: relative;
}
~~~

###The solution

<aside class="pull-quote pseudo left" data-snippet="To overcome this issue we will use the before pseudo-element"></aside>
To overcome this issue we will use the before pseudo-element and the content CSS property. Every pull quote element will generate a before pseudo-element that will set content to the value of an attribute called "data-snippet". This way we can keep the aside element empty and the content of the pull quote will be generated by the browser from the data attribute.

~~~ HTML
<aside class="pull-quote pseudo" data-snippet="Snippet"></aside>
~~~

~~~ CSS
aside.pull-quote.pseudo:before {
  width: 100%;
  content: attr(data-snippet);
}
~~~

##Adding some spice


